Hi there, friends.
Today we're going on an exciting journey across the land of Saudi Arabia.
Let's explore the amazing places and natural treasures that make it so special.
First, we have the rub al-Kali, or the empty quarter.
It's one of the largest sand deserts in the world, with dunes as tall as buildings.
Even though it's really hot and dry, it holds something super important.
Oil!
This oil helps Saudi Arabia make money and create jobs.
Now, let's visit the Sarawat Mountains.
These mountains have cooler weather and get more rain.
That's why people grow crops here using terrace farming.
It's like planting on giant steps.
Isn't that cool?
Next stop, the Red Sea coastline.
This area is great for fishing, shipping, and even fun activities like diving.
Did you know it has colorful coral reefs that attract visitors from all over the world?
Courts here are also super busy with goods coming in and going out.
Saudi Arabia doesn't have many rivers or lakes, so how do people get water?
They use aquifers, underground water, and special machines called desalination plants
that turn salty sea water into fresh water.
Isn't science amazing?
Last but not the least, Saudi Arabia's famous for oil.
Oil is like a treasure underground, and it helps build cities, schools, and roads.
In some places like Assir, people also grow crops like coffee and wheat.
Farming and oil together help the country grow.
From deserts and mountains to oceans and farms, every part of Saudi Arabia is special.
Its natural resources help people live and work.
Thanks for exploring with me.
See you next time for more adventures.